We're now going to move on to our last root handler, which is going to deal with updating a ticket.
So a user is going to make a request to API tickets and then the idea of the ticket they're trying to
update.
That's going to be a put request and we're going to expect that they include the title and price that
they want to update that ticket with.
Now there's going to be some kind of restrictions on this handler that you would probably expect.
In other words, you're not going to be able to access this handler if you are not authenticated.
In addition, only the user who owns a ticket should be able to update it.
So we're going to have to add in a couple of different checks to watch for those things.
Now, some of the tests that we've written out for these other handlers have been kind of simple and
basic in nature.
And at the end of the day, were they really required?
Maybe not.
Maybe we went a little bit overboard in testing some of those other things.
But this put test or this update one, these tests are going to be super critical, not right now.
But later on inside this project, we're going to start to add in those other services for dealing with
orders and payments and some other stuff.
There's going to be some super critical logic around whether or not a user is allowed to update a ticket.
And so having some tests in place to make sure we've written out that business logic correctly is going
to be very important.
They're not going to write out those tests just yet.
They're not going to make any sense right now until we create those other services in the future.
Having said all that, let's go and put some test together for this update route handler.
So back inside my editor, I'll find the test directory.
We'll make a new file in there of update.
Test us.
At the very top.
Let's import request from duper test.
And we'll get app from up up app.
After that, let's write out some test descriptions.
So what do we really care about here?
Well, a lot of the obvious things that we've kind of carried over or implemented already for tests
on these other routes.
First off, if a user asks for some ID right here that doesn't actually exist or some ticket ID that
doesn't exist, let's return a404.
If a user tries to make an update to a ticket while they're not logged in, let's return a41 to say
that is forbidden.
If a user tries to update a ticket they don't own, let's do a41.
If the user doesn't provide a title or a price 400 invalid request.
And then finally, if a user does everything right, so they're signed in, they own the ticket and
they provide a valid title and price.
We should make sure that the actual ticket does get updated.
So a couple of different statements in total.
So first, it returns a four for if the provided ID does not exist.
I'm going to copy paste that down a couple of times like so, and I'll just update the description for
each of these.
So in the next one, how about returns a401 so forbidden, not allowed if the user is not authenticated.
On the next one.
How about returns a 401.
If the user does not own the ticket?
After that.
How about returns a 400?
If the user provides an invalid.
Title or price.
On previous tests, we tried to test these things separately or in separate tests, essentially.
This time around, we're just going to combine it all into one single test.
I'm going to paste one more it down here.
And this will be our happy path, so to speak.
So the case in which everything goes right, it will say it updates the ticket.
Provided valid inputs.
Now, a lot of people out there, a lot of software engineers have a little bit more rigorous requirements
over descriptions than I do.
I am really not super picky around test descriptions.
There's definitely some people out there who are going to look at these descriptions and say it is really
unclear what you're doing with this test.
That's totally fine.
If you are someone who really feels strongly about test descriptions, feel free to change these.
No issue whatsoever but me personally.
I'm okay with these.
I really understand what they are trying to convey.
All right.
Let's go ahead.
And how about first, let's deal with the 404.
So I want to make a request though.
Await request to EP.
I want to do a put to API tickets and then once again, we need to specify an ID right here.
So once again, as we saw in the last couple of videos, we have to generate a valid ID.
For that, I'm going to import Mongoose at the top.
I'll make up an idea right here.
So, mongoose types.
Object ID.
And I want to make a new object ID specifically.
And then off of that I'm going to get or invoke to hex string.
Then instead of single quotes right here, let's put in some back ticks.
Now I can reference ID inside their.
So along with this put request, I'm going to try to include a valid title to update this thing to any
valid price.
But I'm not going to be logged in or excuse me, I should be logged in.
So let's make sure we also tag on a set cookie.
And then we will expect.
To get a 404 because that ticket does not exist.
As usual, if we run this test right now, it will pass because we don't even have a handler for this
thing.
So I won't worry about actually executing this test just yet.
Right now, let's just go ahead and fill in one or two other tests.
So how about the next one returns a41 at the user is not authenticated.
So for this, well, we can really just copy the exact same logic we had right above.
I'm going to paste it in.
And then instead of expecting a four or four are going to expect a41 and I'm going to make sure that
I am not authenticated in this case.
All right.
So I think that's good enough to get started and to really implement any of these other tests.
We might want to try to attempt at least a little bit of implementation first.
So let's save this.
I'm just going to flip back over to my terminal, make sure that these tests are at least running.
Who knows how many are going to pass or fail?
Good enough.
So quick pause right here.
We'll start to put together the implementation in the next video and start to fill out a couple more
tests.